##What is this project?
This project is a tool named CloudNote, written by ASP.
You can create notes and share it with your friends.

Download link:https://github.com/LitterMonster/CloudNote-ASP

##Before Use

*Create a file name xxx.udl, open it and get the connection string.

*Import the mdf file to SqlServer. this mdf includes my classmates data.

*Change the connection string and replace mine with your own connection 
string got from the first operation.


##Function
*Create notes and share notes with your classmates.

*Edit your own notes such as determine whether you share it or not. 
and you can only view others notes.

*Delete your own notes but there are some bugs.

##Bugs
*The main bug is when you delete a note, you can not delete the picture 
instead of the picture name stored in database.

*The inappropriate operatino about picture, you can view the image in 
some places where there are data binding with database. such as GridView and
sqlConnectAdapter. As long as use search function, the GridView will noly show
the picture name instead of the image, because the GridView is generated by hand.

* You can not change the picture when you edit your notes.

* You should input 1 or 0 to decide share or not.

* You should change the date by hand and had better not input the wrong date.

* You can change the database as your own demand, but you should do another job
in the source code.

##Feedback
*You can give me some suggestion about this project, you can send me some emails(zhangtao1906@gmail.com)